What point?
In fact, the tent cloth was not lost.
Here I am.
How is that possible?
If this is true
The book in the secret room
It's also true.
But
I copied it by hand
I specially saved this hand
I wanted to be prepared
I didn't expect
He really needed it that day.
What are you waiting for?
We're going to report him now
What do you mean?
What's the problem?
My silly son
think
How can it be so easy to be brought down from the first rank
If it were as simple as you say
My father has already reported it.
How could it fall into this field today?
But usually report some officials
Isn't that what you do?
Ordinary officials are right to do so
But Sun Li is the official of the Ministry of Disaster
unreached minister
There are countless North Korean and Chinese maids
Unless well-prepared
Suddenly even Emperor Jing
Can't offend him easily
If you dare to take this ledger to the Ministry of Punishment to report it
Do you believe it or not?
The other party will destroy this evidence when they turn around
Then go to Sun Li to take credit
That's politics.
Also popular
Isn't the eldest brother ordered to investigate the case?
We can directly pass the traitor lord
Present it to the Emperor
No way.
Just an old story from more than a decade ago
Even if His Majesty attacks
It's hard to do anything about Sun Li
At that time, a large number of North Korean and Chinese officials will try to ensure
In the end, it would be good to demote Tafalu
The big deal is some painless results
Maybe I have a way